---
layout: page
title: Imprint
permalink: /imprint/
feature-img: "img/banner-911612.jpg"
hide: true
---

# Copyright
The copyrights belong to Miriam & Markus Schmidberger. All text, graphics, images and animations which are published 
here or are provided to download are subjects to copyright, unless noted otherwise. The websites may contain images 
that are subjects to the copyright of third parties. The content may not be copied, altered or processed for commercial 
use without prior approval by Miriam & Markus Schmidberger.

# Contents
Miriam & Markus Schmidberger review and update the information on his websites continuously. Nevertheless, the 
information may have changed. A liability or guarantee for actuality, correctness and completeness of the information 
and data provided will not be incurred.

# Links
Websites from Miriam & Markus Schmidberger can contain references (links) to other websites. Miriam & Markus 
Schmidberger are not responsible for the content on these websites.

# Changes
Miriam & Markus Schmidberger reserve the right to change or amend the information without prior notice.

# Reference
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics 
uses "cookies", these are text files placed on your computer that allow an analysis of your use of the website. 
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP adress) will be sent to a 
server in the U.S. and stored there. Google will use this information to analyze your use of the website, to compile 
reports on website activity for website operators and to provide other services, associated with website and internet 
use. Google will also, if applicable, transmit this information to third parties unless required by law or if third 
parties process the information on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP adress with any other data held 
by Google. You may disable the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your internet browser; but we 
want to point out, that this case you might not use all features of this website. By using this website you agree to 
the processing of data by Google in the manner described and for the aforementioned purpose.

# Legal information according to German law (ยง5 TMG)
Miriam & Markus Schmidberger
Antoniusweg 13
85386 Dieterhseim
Phone: +49 175 1815 881
E-mail: info at cdohub.com
Sales tax ID: comming soon

